## **Curiosity vs my ignorance of the world**


Curiosity is a great gift from the *Lord*. I have spent all of my life attempting to understand every aspect that I can consuming as much knowledge as possible. I believe it has led me to this engineering school, led me to take a wide range of classes. There are stories about how when I was a child I would wander off and explore or even move my head as an infant trying to take in everything I could from the delivery room. This is a trait handpicked in my intimate creation by *God*. It was handpicked in others , explorers, physicists, mathmeticians, and I strive for great service to my *God* if it is in his favor the way so many great people of curiosity have. 

There is a torment that is enhanced by this desire to know and to understand. When most people are young they see injustices in the world and as they get older they become more angry with it. I am no different. It is incredibly painful to watch the horrors of this world unfold. Most of these evils and horrors, drunk driving, war, starvation, genocide, some sicknesses that can be avoided if not for the greed of some, are explained by the sins of us. By the brockenness of our human nature. This I understand and the more I reason the more I understand that most of our suffering, the suffering of the human race, is self inflicted. Our sins against one another in the name of selfishness. It still torments me to see the greatness of sin against my littleness and my own proning to the occasions of sin.

There are things I see. I used to believe to be grave injustices. Inexcusible in the eyes of even the most understanding and knowledgable men. Infant mortality being the first example I saw firsthand. It brought out great anger and distress. It brought great distress to my belief that the *Lord* is all loving and truly sees each and every individual soul. A third of my life now has been spent with my faith gravely shaken. By now I have realized I will never understand. This already brings most people grave torment. The saints have been immense beacons of what I am to do. I use St. Therese the Little Flower due to my current Novena. Her simplistic yet incredibly wise doctrines prove her immense curiosity and knowledge and wisdom gifted to her by God yet even she can not fully understand everything. She could not give an explaination for her immense suffering both physically and spiritually. However she 